Cool,
I'll probably get started with the figma
that Abby has created.
So so the what I'll be demoing is just
the B to C part.
So,
but so the navigation will start from
from the main page of the portal.
So someone might hit the sign up button
first and if we are any selected, yes,
then we will land on this B to C screen.
So that's where we're going to start our
demo from.
So at the moment,
so we don't have that additional bits in
the portal.
So I've got this button directing
straight to B to C,
but in the future there'll be an
additional step in the portal and then
we'll land here.
So so when we come here.
So the way I sort of implemented it is to
be able to backward compatible with the
current ARN setup for Qi.
But when we're ready,
we can change the API to sort of just use
the generic KRN and not.
So what I'm currently doing is when
someone enters ARN here.
So I'll first look at the QIARN table and
if it is not found then I'll fall back to
the ARN of the contact.
Excellent.
So if it is not found, then it's error.
So ARN is not found and and so Janoka,
just so I'm clear,
if it does find it in the Qi table,
it would then prompt for date of birth as
well because it knows what it's meant to
do.
Yeah.
Cool, cool.
Let me let me find ARN.
So for example to this one,
this one is hasn't been signed up.
I'll just use this ARN.
So this is so impacted individual,
one of the impacted individuals in the RN
table.
So what I'll do is I'll go to the RN,
put the put the RN and do continue.
So now what will happen is B to C will
call the Web API and the Web API will
check whether they are in exist ARN in
this case exist.
So it shows the Qi sign up.
Yeah, perfect.
So for example,
so because we don't have the,
we don't have the ARN attribute yet the
the proper 1 yet.
So I've I've configured that to be the
contact ID for for for time being.
So for example if I go back and this one
here.
So what will happen is if I enter the
contact ID instead,
so I'll return back to portal and I'll
start signing up.
So now BCRN so that should not find in
the RN table.
It doesn't have the date of date of birth.
So this these are two complete different
sign up flows.
We can continue.
So let me, let's continue with this.
And just while you're doing that,
so we need to add like we haven't added
in dev,
we haven't added an ARN field to the
contact record.
And when we do, you'll have to well,
someone will have to update this logic to
call against that ARN field.
Yeah.
So the place to update is the API, not BC.
Yeah, Yep.
Gotcha.
Yeah.
So if I go to a email,
if I produce have an email address.
So I'll show this working full end to end.
So I'll verify the email address so I'll
be as requested.
So I put the ARN here.
So that's the ARN they entered in the in
the 1st place for the reference.
But so while the email come through,
I think the only thing that we need to be
mindful here, Jamie,
So if we start generating the RN
sequentially,
there is a potential that someone could
mistype the RN.
Like for example, if my RN is 1234,
but we've generated 1235 as well, right?
So if I accidentally put 1235,
then there's nothing blocking.
I'm registering with 12345.
Yeah.
Cool.
Yeah, We might need to work through that.
It's almost like a bit.
We might need a bit more complexity in
there.
Yeah, I think, I think we need, I mean,
this is exactly why we put the date of
birth into impacted individuals.
So this is the secondary challenge, right?
Yeah, Yeah.
And so we need to think about some other
challenge,
maybe like a very simple challenge like
mask,
first name and last name to just to
confirm.
Yeah, yeah,
something simple or like we can go more
complicated, like, yeah,
secondary codes into SMS.
And that's what I was just thinking,
like a confirmation pin or something.
But but that's starting to now they've
got multiple bits of information and it's
gonna get a bit confusing.
I'm sure you won't like that as a design
element.
So yeah.
But let's unpack that one a little bit.
Maybe we can add a bit more complexity
that maybe introduces some of their name
in some way into it as well.
Yeah.
Like to confirm, just a second check.
So if you, I mean,
we're not gonna reveal the name.
No, we're just gonna mask it.
Yeah.
It's kind of like,
Are you sure that's your ARN or something
like that?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that sort of thing.
And now I should be able to sign up with
the password,
prompt me for MFA as the next step.
Yeah.
So users signed up, Yeah.
So currently it sort of,
I think we need to change the entry point.
So we came from that URL,
that button that we clicked on had the
return URL last impacted individual
dashboard.
So this is what I was referring to the
other day, right.
So we need to get them in a sort of a
invisible common landing place.
And according to what you described,
Jamie,
they preferred a dashboard that need to
happen on the portal side.
So once redirected so so if we go to the
contact, if I should be able to refresh.
So you can see the for that contact login
enabled and the links created.
So so we can do the same thing just to
completion of the demo go through with
the the.
So let's open up the 41, this account,
this account,
it doesn't have web authentication
enabled and also it doesn't have role.
So that's how BB to C works, right?
So, so,
so I'm not basing that fork in in the B
to C to whether to show the impacted
individual form or the generic form.
It's not at the moment,
it's not based on the web role because
the way that be impacted individual works
right now is the web role get assigned at
the end during the sign up.
It doesn't get assigned during the import,
but in the future,
like when you move into the generic flow.
So the web role need to be assigned prior.
But I kept it assuming that we're not
going to touch QYQY is going to stay as
it is.
So there's nothing no changes required to
use this sign up flow.
So it it it doesn't that decision is not
based on the web role.
It's based on whether it's found in the
ARN table.
If it is found in the ARN table,
it's considered as a impacted individual
instead of just checking the the just
checking the role.
So if you go back and they will sign up
again.
So can I just ask Danoka what you're
saying?
There is if we try and if we,
if we move towards Qi kind of working in
the same way every,
every time we almost generate an IRM,
we create a web role for that.
Like every contact would kind of have a
web role and the new solution would just
interrogate that web role and the portal
would pick that up and direct them to the
right place.
Yes.
So, so, so in the future,
with the generic care and flow,
so every contact should have at least one
web role.
Yeah.
Yep.
Like a starter role.
Yeah.
Basic role, yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, not really starting role,
it's some role, right?
So yeah, for example, that.
So in the future,
we need to extend the import solution,
load the RNS, Yep.
Load the contacts, Yep.
And add the impacted individual web role
to every contact.
Yep.
And if we approve an expression of
interest to become a market entrant,
then we would have it at a market entrant
web role.
And so then,
then they do the generic sort of sign up
and then when they land it knows here's
your here's your priority web role
effectively.
And here's the page we should show you
exactly so.
So agent could be different or or or yeah,
student record could be different.
Yeah, roles.
So depending on the role and their
preferences that that invisible landing
page could handle that logic.
Yep, Yep, that makes sense.
Yeah,
but but sign up will also consider the
role if you have different sign up flows.
But at the moment we only have two sign
up flows, right.
So one is impacted individual,
the other is the generate.
Yep, yeah, gotcha.
Let me add a new email address.
So I've been using this email address
generator.
So it's been blocked by ASCAN so I have
to use it from my mobile and type it in
otherwise I could have just copy pasted
it.
And is that service?
Is that on on email?
Is that what it's called on email?
They have couple of DNS hosts,
so they generate random email addresses
using those posts there.
What's the actual service or tool like
what is it?
It's called temp mail, temp website,
temp mail.
Yeah, yeah.
Gotcha.
Cool.
And then you're just using your mobile
for the mobile verification.
Yeah, cool.
Great.
Yeah, it's done.
So I'll put a password and the date of
birth I've used for this contact is first
of Jan 2000.
Yeah.
So last for MFA,
so this is same as the previous flow.
It's kept,
kept same as what we got in production
now.
But the other thing that also I would
like to highlight all the styling has
been improved as per the portal styling
the CSS star excellent.
I had one styling question for Abby on
the portal, but I'll leave it to the end.
I'll get the code.
Yeah,
so because we didn't come from that
portal button and the dash on the portal
page,
we came from the sign up link from the
sign in Page.
So it landed me on the home page.
It's pretty much whatever the B to C has
been told it'll get redirected.
So if I go to the if I refresh the
contact now, so if I roll down,
let me refresh it.
It should have a web role.
It's not.
I'll have a look why it's not in the web
role.
Not I'll check why the web it should have
the abroad here, but yeah,
so it does some something for me to have
a look,
but it's it's it it has done the
validation of the date of birth and link
the account to the B to C account in the
contact.
So it's fully functional.
So,
so I'll kept that in a invite only branch
because we don't want to merge to main
branch.
Main branch is the production branch.
So we can keep whatever improvements that
we do going forward.
We can keep it on the invite only branch
and I think that's it.
So this is already configured in dev,
so maybe in the next, if we're happy,
we can configure it in Devint as well.
So then we have the policy in both places
dev and dev went.
Devin, could be just involvement for RMA.
That's pretty much it.
That's brilliant.
Love it.
I think it's really coming together.
We'll have to figure out timing and the
web role stuff.
But yeah,
I think it's sort of it's landed as you
know,
with the foundations for us to be able to
sort of merge that together and and
implement the the one approach.
Really good.
Cool.
Anyone else got questions?
Nope.
Cool.
Good luck.
Yes, very happy.
Thanks to Nuka.
You can probably stop recording if you
want.
Yeah, yeah.
And my question, which I wish I'll share.